[workers] Fix Signing & Basic Auth examples + add playground links (#11932)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/examples/signing-requests.md

It makes use of the [Node.JS Buffer API](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/buffer/), which is available as part of the Worker's runtime [Node.js compatibility mode](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/)

{{<tabs labels="js | ts">}}
{{<tab label="js" default="true">}}

```js
import { Buffer } from 'node:buffer';

const encoder = new TextEncoder();

export default {
	/**
	 * 
	 * @param {Request} request 
	 * @param {{SECRET_DATA: string}} env 
	 * @returns 
	 */
	async fetch(request, env) {
		// You will need some secret data to use as a symmetric key. This should be
		// attached to your Worker as an encrypted secret.
		// Refer to https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/secrets/
		const secretKeyData = encoder.encode(env.SECRET_DATA ?? 'my secret symmetric key');

		// Import your secret as a CryptoKey for both 'sign' and 'verify' operations
		const key = await crypto.subtle.importKey('raw', secretKeyData, { name: 'HMAC', hash: 'SHA-256' }, false, ['sign', 'verify']);

		const url = new URL(request.url);

		// This is a demonstration Worker that allows unauthenticated access to both

> 		// /generate and /verify. In a real application you'd want to make sure that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		// /generate and /verify. In a real application you would want to make sure that
```

title: Sign requests
weight: 1001
layout: example
---

{{<Aside type="info">}}

> This example Worker makes use of the [Node.JS Buffer API](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/buffer/), which is available as part of the Worker's runtime [Node.js compatibility mode](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/). To run this Worker, you will need to [enable the `nodejs_compat` compatibility flag](http://localhost:5173/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/#enable-nodejs-with-workers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example Worker makes use of the [Node.JS Buffer API](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/buffer/), which is available as part of the Worker's runtime [Node.js compatibility mode](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/). To run this Worker, you will need to [enable the `nodejs_compat` compatibility flag](http://localhost:5173/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/#enable-nodejs-with-workers).
```
